Congratulations.
You now have some experience creating workspaces,
working with packages and dependencies,
and troubleshooting build errors.
Additionally you've had your first peek at Gazebo,
a powerful tool for simulation that you'll be
using over and over again throughout this curriculum.
In the next lesson you'll be writing additional ROS nodes for
the simple arm package that you've already added to your catkin workspace.
Before you actually begin writing ROS nodes make sure to take a peek at the links
to the official ROS wiki documentation surrounding the topics I've discussed here.
The documentation is an extremely useful resource for
ROS developers and will be very valuable to you throughout the rest of the program.